We'll really go to the beach tomorrow, right?
Of course. You don't even have to ask me twice.
By the way, can you take tomorrow off too?
It's fine because I've worked hard enough to earn it.
Don't worry about me. Just look up places online to decide where to go.
All right. Let's go in.
- Come in. You need to come home. - Why?
I heard that you were staying at Hong Joo's place for only two days.
It's been over two days. Come home now.
Well, I have my stuff at her place.
Don't you worry. Ms. Yoon brought them over early in the day.
Stop being a nuisance and come home already.
All right.
Well, see you tomorrow.
Okay.
Go in, please. Goodness.
Why is Mom being like this?
You got home at the perfect time. Help me fold this.
Sure.
- Mom. - Yes?
I heard you dropped off Jae Chan's stuff at his place.
We said he'd stay here for only two days anyway.
But still, it's just too heartless to kick him out like that.
Mom, did he upset you or hurt your feelings?
No, he didn't.
No, I changed it.
I changed what I saw in my dream, but things got even worse.
If I lose him like how I lost Dad, I'll...
I couldn't prevent it even though I knew that Dad would die.
Mom, I couldn't prevent it.
I couldn't save Dad's life.
Mom, it's my fault because I couldn't stop it.
I'm sorry, Prosecutor Jung.
I can't bear to see Hong Joo...
falling apart again.
Which beach should we go to?
The South Sea is probably too far for a day trip.
I sent onion extract to your address. Did you get it?
I've been praying for you every day.
Don't worry about us. Just take good care of yourself, okay?
Don't push yourself. Take more time off if you're still not well.
I'm the most handsome guy in our department without you around.
Your absence isn't even noticeable.
Get as much rest as you need.
Goodness, why are they being so nice to me all of a sudden?
Whatever, I don't care. I'm still going to the beach.
Are you sure you're dressed for the beach?
Yes, this is my usual beach outfit.
A full suit, a pair of sunglasses,
and a beach mat.
Gosh, why isn't the bus here yet?
The beach-bound bus.
You seem anxious.
You must be worried about someone else suffering in your place.
No, I don't care.
Besides, they can suffer a little in my place.
I mean, I'm the only one who got beaten up by suspects...
and got shot. I've been through so much.
It'd be too unfair for me to have to quit my job.
I'm the only who suffers.
It's definitely not fair.
Such hardships need to be distributed fairly.
Forget it. We can go to the beach another day.
You should go to work.
Why? Let's go to the beach. You said you wanted to go.
No, it's okay. I didn't feel good about going either.
See? I brought my laptop...
in case I'd end up going to work.
We'll probably be able to create a new path if we work at it.
Go to work now.
All right. I'm going back to work,
but I'll flee to the beach right away if I regret it.
Call me if you end up doing that. I'll flee with you.
I warned you that it'll be a difficult decision.
You should mentally prepare yourself.
Okay.
Hurry up! Come here and push me down.
Was it you?
Yes!
- Oh, no! - Hurry up!
It fits you perfectly.
You've seen me before, right?
In front of the elevator.
No, I've never seen you before.
- I'm Lieutenant Oh Kyung Han. - Kid, are you okay?
You're under arrest for assault.
You have the right to an attorney...
and the right to remain silent.
Listen. I just wanted to talk to that kid.
What on earth did you tell him? You made him wet his pants.
I must take you to the station first.
You can tell me all about it when we get there.
Wait, gosh...
Hey, kid. Are you okay?
By the way, how did you know that man...
would cause trouble? You said we should follow him.
I'm pretty good at reading faces, you know.
Do you think that I'll be promoted to a captain?
I'm not sure.
Du Hyun, I'm here.
Hey, you came at the perfect time.
Do you remember that teaching assistant... My goodness.
I remember him, of course. The teaching assistant...
who revolted against Mr. Moon?
Were you out looking at real estate properties or what?
I guess this is your new way of rebelling against me.
Well, that's not really why I'm dressed like this today.
Go on. What about the teaching assistant?
Oh, right.
Well, I called the hospital to see if I'd be able to interview him...
in your place,
but they said that he's brain-dead now.
Apparently, his organs will be donated to seven people today.
Seven people...
It must be him.
What?
Du Hyun, I have to step out.
Yes, ma'am. Have a great day.
She must think she's above me.
Call me right away if the suspect gets arrested.
I'll keep checking my phone.
Also, please check if what I submitted this morning...
has been approved.
Sure.
Ms. Son, are you going somewhere?
I have to go to the hospital to see Chan Ho.
Well...
- Here, this one too. - Got it.
It looks like her son is ill.
Yes, it seems so.
It must be twice as hard as a single mother.
Ms. Son and Mr. Lee! I'm much better now thanks to your concern.
I know you've been really worried...
Hey, welcome back.
Hey, you.
Ms. Son, wait.
They obviously haven't been that worried about me.
Ms. Son, what's the matter?
Did something happen to Chan Ho?
He might get a kidney transplant today.
You found a donor?
Yes, he's a brain-dead patient.
I think he'll officially be pronounced brain-dead shortly.
The doctor said Chan Ho can undergo surgery as soon as that happens.
It feels so surreal.
I can't even believe it.
It'll go well, right?
No doubt! Of course everything will go well.
I don't want to worry others. You know what I mean, right?
I'm a very discreet person.
If I were a big mouth,
everyone at our office would already know about Mr. Park...
getting facial fillers and Ms. Shin being a Buddhist.
Mr. Park got facial fillers?
Gosh, don't even get me started.
He's addicted to minor cosmetic procedures.
If you look at him upclose,
you'll see he got work done all over.
My goodness. And Ms. Shin is a Buddhist?
She's very devoted.
She goes to a temple regularly...
to do 108 prostrations. Like this.
My gosh. I can't believe I didn't know about these gossip until now.
Did that help you relax a little?
Goodness.
Even when you arrive at the hospital later,
try to stay calm and relaxed like now.
Okay?
Thanks.
Good luck!
I'll call you.
Go, go! You got this!
Best of luck.
Gosh, where did everyone go?
Ms. Moon! I'm back.
Welcome back, Mr. Jung.
Why are you walking in like that?
You prefer seeing me from behind.
I'll keep walking like this in front of you from now on.
Okay, thank you.
Hi, Ms. Moon.
Mr. Jung!
Are you okay now?
Are you fully recovered?
I hope you're not pushing yourself to be here.
My gosh, look at your face. You've lost so much weight.
Your face was already tiny to begin with.
Mr. Choi, you're the only one who's welcoming me.
That's not true. Everyone missed you a lot.
No, it looks like you're the only one who missed me.
You two can catch up later. Please take care of this first.
What is this?
It's paperwork for an inspection.
The organ transplant process will begin right after the inspection,
so you need to take care of it immediately.
Where did I put that thing?
(Request for Organ Extraction and Transplant Authorization)
If what I saw in my dream actually happens,
you'll do an inspection as soon as you return to work tomorrow.
Why are you just standing there?
You should sign it and send it off immediately.
They can't begin the transplant surgery without it.
Mr. Choi, what should I do if this man's brain death...
wasn't caused by the accident?
What if he was beaten up by someone?
Gosh, then you shouldn't authorize the organ transplant.
We'll need to do an autopsy.
Mr. Choi, let's go to Seogu University Hospital now.
Pardon me? What for?
I think I need to dig into the case a little before I authorize this.
Oh, okay.
He's digging again when he just got back?
All he does is dig.
He probably thinks that he's a groundhog or something.
I forgot about it for a second.
That's why no one is welcoming him.
Exactly.
It's not mine.
Hey, Woo Tak.
Where are you now?
I'm on my way to a hospital for an inspection.
Hong Joo told you about my dream, right?
Yes, I heard about it.
I think I just arrested the culprit of the case,
Professor Moon Tae Min.
Seriously?
And I think that I have a witness here as well.
He's a little kid, so his statements are inconsistent,
but they're pretty detailed.
We'll be transferring this case to Hangang Police Station shortly.
Mr. Jung, you're back.
Are you fully recovered now?
Yes.
Tell me the details of what happened.
I've been told that I'll be sent to Hangang Police Station...
for allegedly assaulting that little kid.
The assault charge isn't the problem.
If you go there now, they'll dig your teaching assistant's case too.
Didn't you say that they won't...
be able to perform an autopsy after the organ transplants?
They won't be able to figure out the cause of death.
That means I'll be able to get out of it completely.
When you arrive there, tell them that you must consult your lawyer,
and don't say anything.
I'll take care of the rest.
Gosh, that man is driving me crazy.
Let's go to Seogu University Hospital first.
Yes, sir.
Hang in there.
Chan Ho, you're so brave.
Yes. If this surgery goes well,
you'll no longer need to come here for dialysis.
I'll be able to urinate like my friends do, right?
Of course.
You're so smart.
Doctor and Ms. Son, may I have a word with you?
What's the matter?
It doesn't look like we can perform the surgery today.
Why suddenly?
A prosecutor just did an inspection,
but he left without authorizing the organ extraction.
He said that they may need to do an autopsy.
[VIU Ver] E22 While You Were Sleeping "To Die or to be Bad"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Excuse me.
Yes?
Is the patient, Lee Hwan, undergoing organ procurement at the moment?
Who are you?
I'm a friend of his.
Our professor is wondering what's going on with him.
A prosecutor came by earlier and inspected him,
but he didn't authorize the organ extraction.
He said the injury may not have been an accident.
He didn't authorize it?
Do you know who the prosecutor in charge is?
He said his name is Jung Jae Chan.
He's very tall.
All right, Jae Chan. Bring it on.
I hope that the case goes to trial since this happened already.
Let's have a showdown at the trial.
Ms. Son.
Why are you back so early? What happened with the surgery?
They couldn't do it today.
Why?
I told you.
It felt so surreal, and I couldn't even believe it.
My hunch was right.
It sounds like the donor who was going to donate his kidney...
has to undergo an autopsy now.
There you are.
Mr. Park needs you two in his office.
He wants to see us? Why?
He said there's an urgent matter to discuss with you.
(Request for Organ Extraction and Transplant Authorization)
I'm sorry I'm late.
What's the matter?
What would you like to discuss with us?
Mr. Jung complicated things for us...
as soon as he got back.
Gosh, you're picking on him again.
He didn't complicate anything.
It is something that we must look into.
- Fill them in. - Yes, sir.
I just inspected a patient who's been pronounced brain-dead...
at Seogu University Hospital.
The doctors were waiting on my authorization...
to begin organ procurement right away.
Hey, what are you doing here?
The surgery needs to be done urgently. Authorize it right away.
I couldn't authorize it.
Why not?
I don't think that it was an accidental injury.
Then what caused it?
Reporter Nam from SBC sent me this clip earlier.
It's from the writer Moon Tae Min's recent book launch party.
This teaching assistant here is the victim.
As you can see, he was dragged out after revolting against Mr. Moon,
and he was found an hour later after falling through an elevator shaft...
in the same building.
I heard that happened because he got completely drunk.
No.
As you can see now, he was not drunk at all.
Compared to other guests at the party, he barely sipped his drink.
You're right.
So? Are you trying to say that someone pushed him?
Yes.
Have you identified a suspect?
I hope this isn't just based on your speculations...
because it'll affect many people.
Moon Tae Min is the prime suspect.
Are you sure?
I just got a call from Sangku Division.
Mr. Moon got arrested for assault while following a kindergartener.
But that kid said he saw Mr. Moon at the site of the accident.
I see. It does sound suspicious in many ways.
It looks like we need to do an autopsy.
Mr. Park.
We can't perform an autopsy on him now because...
he's still considered brain-dead.
Cardiac death usually follows in a few days,
so we can do it then.
Then his organs can't be donated.
Are you saying we should give up the autopsy for organ donation?
What if the culprit gets away?
What if the autopsy confirms that it was an accidental death?
Seven people whose lives could've been saved will die.
Gosh, I just don't get it.
There isn't even sufficient evidence. How can you go against...
the victim's family and push ahead with the autopsy?
The victim's family also requested an autopsy.
I bet you persuaded them!
Hey, your achievements are more important to you...
than seven people's lives, aren't they?
That's not what this is about.
Mr. Lee, what is the matter with you?
We shouldn't approach this emotionally.
Look, don't you know that we must figure out the cause of death...
through an autopsy in cases where homicide is suspected?
Only then, we'll be able to take the suspect to court.
We need to have firm evidence.
Do you think the evidence we have now is crucial enough...
to sacrifice seven people's lives?
My goodness.
Do you think so too?
I do think that Mr. Lee has a point.
It seems too risky to give up organ transplants...
because of the circumstantial evidence we have at the moment.
What about you, Ms. Son?
- Pardon me? - What do you think?
Should we authorize the organ extraction?
I think...
I...
I don't think that we should authorize it.
Ms. Son.
The autopsy...
needs to be done.
I think that Mr. Jung...
made the right call.
Ms. Son, are you out of your mind?
Don't you know what case Mr. Jung is working on now?
That brain-dead patient was supposed to give Chan Ho his kidney.
I know that.
And you think we should do the autopsy?
Are you saying you'll give up on Chan Ho just to catch that culprit?
You know that is not what I meant.
No, I don't know!
I have no idea why you're doing this!
If you're going to tell me that you arrived at such a decision...
because you're a prosecutor...
I didn't make the decision as a prosecutor.
It's my choice as a parent.
If...
I'm that teaching assistant's parent,
I'll want to know why my son died.
It'll be more important than saving the life of someone else's child.
Hwan.
Tell me.
Who did this to you?
Dad will catch that person...
and teach him a serious lesson.
Tell me, son. Please?
Whether it's about 7 or 70 people's lives,
bringing justice for my son who died like that...
will come before saving other people's lives.
All parents would feel that way.
That's why...
I think that we need to do the autopsy.
I'm not saying it as a prosecutor.
That's what I think...
as a parent.
That brain-dead victim will be pronounced dead in less than a week.
We can do an autopsy then. Go ahead and reject this request.
(Request for Organ Extraction and Transplant Authorization)
What will you choose?
Will you save seven people's lives,
or will you catch that one suspect?
What would you choose if you were me?
If I were you,
I wouldn't choose either of them.
Sir, can we do the autopsy and organ transplants...
at the same time?
What?
I spoke with the organ transplant surgeon, and he said...
that it has been done even though such cases are very rare.
In the bridge murder case which took place in Busan in 2008,
the autopsy and organ transplant were done simultaneously,
and the suspect was convicted of murder.
The same goes for the Pyeongchang sky resort case from 2014.
The autopsy and organ transplant were done together,
and the suspect was convicted of voluntary manslaughter.
In addition...
Like you said, those are such rare cases.
We won't be able to examine his organs if transplants are performed,
which means it'll be very hard to figure out the cause of death.
Right, but those rare cases...
share many similarities with this case.
The injuries on all the victims...
were contained in their heads and did not affect their organs.
Also, the autopsies revealed throttling marks on their necks.
We won't need to examine his organs.
We should be able to determine the cause of death...
through just examining his neck and head.
You can't sound uncertain about this.
We must determine the cause of death.
Yes, sir. I'll find out no matter what.
If I were you,
I'd save the seven people's lives...
and also catch the culprit.
That's my choice.
(While You Were Sleeping)